a. What was the motive of Hilbert`s paper?

Hilbert wants to establish the certitude of the mathematical methods and remain in the paradise Cantor created. But there is a
problem with the infinite. To prove that because there is nothing in this world that is infinite, the concept of infinite in 
mathematics is also lacking. And this is the reason why paradoxes in the set theory arise: they assume that infinity exists. 
Therefore, if we put infinity into our axiomatization it will create inconsistency. And then  However Godel, Church and the company had to try that apple. 

b.What did Weierstrass do that Hilbert so admired?

Weiestrass provided a foundation for the mathematical analysis by establishing a set of rules of dealing with infinity. Like
limits and minimum, differential quotient. However, Hilbert says that infinite totality escaped Weiestrass` understanding and
Cantor resolved this issue by creating the set theory, in particular the theory of transfinite numbers. So that while analysis 
is dealing with potential infinity, set theory is dealing with the actual infinity.

c. Do you agree with Hilbert when he says, "in mathematics as elsewhere success is supreme court to whose decisions everyone 
submits"? Why?

I do agree with Hilbert on that matter. One is working on the new concepts in mathematics with the purpose whether this purpose
has any practical implications or just for the matter of personal fulfillment. These new concepts are fruitful only in 
case they somehow fit, extend, repurpose existing concepts or eliminate concepts that hinder the further development of 
mathematics. This it what in my opinion is success and everyone submits to is decisions whether willingly or unwillingly. 

d. What was the paradise that Cantor created?

The paradise of deductive methods that always work. World of consistency. 

e. Why does Hilbert say that the logical laws of Aristotle do not hold? How does he plan to deal with that?

Hilbert says that they dont hold when the finitary statements are extended to the infinity, or in other words when we use
laws that hold for the finitary domain while dealing with infinity. So, for example, we can simply negate the finitary 
statement, but not the ideal statement. 
He is planning to supplement the finitary statements with the ideal statements and formalize tge logical operations, so that 
we can translate logical relations into formulas. 

f. What are the ideal statements in arithmetic?

Statements in which abstractions (a,b,c,x,y) are used instead of actual numbers. 

g. When are we justified in using ideal statements?

When we can prove the consistency of axioms and rules that we use. So that we can not arrive to contradictory conclusion
while using these axioms and logical system. 

h. Why was Hilbert especially concerned about consistency of arithmetic?

Because everyone uses arithmetic to prove consistency.

i. According to Hilbert, what is the subject matter, i.e., the objects, which mathematics studies?

The fundamental questions.

j. Hilberts view of mathematics as presented here is called formalism. Is that name apt?

Yes, because he wants to express logic operators as formulas. 

k. What was the role of logic in Hilberts program? How did that differ from the role of logic in Freges program?

No idea.

